{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 My boat build will probably end up being a chevy big block Jet Ski engine, a turbo diesel option for the jet ski engine if you run out of fuel, and an electric propeller inboard engine with the fan designed more similarly to a turbine on a jet engine but with dimples and ridges to optimize performance. \
\
This build onto a 35 foot pilothouse boat that I will ultra rebuild for short to medium trips. \
\
Solar and battery so the thing ends up having unlimited range. The computers for this thing need a few years, so does the software. \
\
so I will build a car for now, and figure it out after that. \
\
I need redundancy in motors because \
a) it makes docking a ton easier\
b) I surf, and I surf teahupoo and can\'92t afford to lose a boat. \
\
there are a few layouts. 2 small block style turbo diesel/biodiesel engines, 2 straight up small blocks and 2 electric 375 hp solar+ battery powered engines. \
\
However, I was gonna stop the bullshit and put jet ski engines on all the boats I build, but use big blocks to drive multiple impellers with dimpled, ridged, and oddly shaped turbines to look somewhat more similar to a jet engine. \
\
the way you connect the drive shaft to the motors (I thought) was with magnetic differential gears.\
so like instead of a chain, you use a row of large magnets that spin a similar row of large magnets on the drive shafts. this can aid in turning\
\
so like there should be a click setting on a boat, like an led switch, that puts the engines into a left or right pivot\
\
also for the most part, I do not want to hear these engines, so the engine rooms need to be made of cork and other soundproof materials and there needs an electric version of one of those things that you use to lift engines into and out of cars. \
\
700 hp jet ski engines, if you know how to wire them and route power between components can be enough for most non racing pursuits of up to 75-90 foot boats. and deployable trawler style motors (inboard but not as fast i guess)\
\
}